As with everything we do when we're trying to implement the new feature, we can reach to the documentation
to give us a sense of how we can accomplish this.
So if you press the search function and we said camera, what we can see here is that they have an entire
document specified for how to use the camera.
And so they have a package called XPO Camera, which provides a react component that renders a preview
for the device front and back camera.
It also takes in zoom autofocus, white balance, all that good stuff so we can adjust parameters if
we see it fit with the use of the camera.
We can also take photos and record videos.
And so it works on the Android device, the iOS device, but it will not work on the emulators because
the emulators, these things that we use over here to render out on the computer are app.
They do not have a camera module, so it will not work on the emulators.
You will need to use your device in order to test this.
OK, so how do we go about this?
Well, the installation is pretty straightforward.
It's what we've always done except install XPO camera.
OK, so if we copy this and we go over here and we open up our terminal and we open up a separate terminal,
what we can do is we can run our XPO install command and this will allow us to install the camera dependencies
that we need in order to get the camera running.
Now, in managed apps, the camera requires permissions.
That camera video recording requires permissions, not audio recording.
This means that we're going to have to request the user for permissions the first time that they open
up the camera module and subsequently will always check if that permission has been met just in case.
Over here, you can see a usage, a type of usage with which you can use the camera from XPO camera
and you can try out the use effect with the permissions and so forth to set up a proper flow.
If you don't have permissions, we'll show you in our case.
And with that, we now have the ability to basically.
Enable a camera.
In our emulator here, which we can then run on our actual phone because the emulator will not be able
to render out the camera screen, it will be able to do everything up until actually rendering the camera
output because it cannot do that.
So with this example in place, what I want us to do is I want us to do a short exercise.
I want us to go over to our camera screen.
And what I want you to do is I want you to take the example here.
And with all of the principles that we've put forward, try to implement a camera implementation.
Now, what you can see over here is that with this camera implementation, they have everything from
setting the front and back camera and they have an example over here in a snack that you can try.
And I just want you to use this information to try it out.
Just try to implement this feature.
And in the next video, we'll take a look at all of the different steps that we need to take in order
to get the camera working and show the user their picture.